No matter what the "status" of the issuing and evaluation organization is, the certificates and qualifications that should not be there should be resolutely abolished.

Boasting "National primary and secondary school students comprehensive quality rating evaluation center", under the "calligraphy professional committee" "hip-hop evaluation committee" "painting and calligraphy evaluation committee" and other branches, awarded the establishment of "Jiangxi evaluation Center" "Hunan evaluation Center" and other more than 30 evaluation centers...... Recently, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Civil Affairs Bureau, "National Primary and secondary school students comprehensive quality assessment center" and its branches were banned according to law.

Just look at the name, "national Primary and secondary school students comprehensive quality assessment center", is indeed enough to "fake". The word "national" has its own authority, and "comprehensive quality level assessment" seamlessly connects with the anxiety of "quality education" in the whole society. It is not hard to understand why it has been able to "plant flags" all over the country in just a few years. And its involved in the "business" range, from the so-called comprehensive quality rating assessment, to the so-called formal teacher training, examiner training, and then provide the so-called talent pool inquiry, teacher card inquiry and so on, it can be said that the "business" do very big. But in fact, this is nothing more than an unregistered, unauthorized activities in the name of private non-enterprise units of the illegal social organization.

In recent years, relevant departments have continued to clean up illegal social organizations. Last month, the Website of the Ministry of Civil Affairs published the eighth batch of lists of illegal social organizations that local civil affairs departments have banned according to law. From the outlawed illegal social organizations, education occupies a considerable number. The rise of these educational organizations and associations is not just a matter of "playing the tiger's skin" in quality education, but a mutually reinforcing relationship with social education anxiety and the proliferation of education and training institutions. At present, the whole country is promoting the implementation of the "double reduction" policy. For the remaining illegal educational institutions that "sell certificates", efforts should be strengthened simultaneously according to law.

However, it should also be reminded that the reason why such institutions do not worry about the market, in addition to the self-packaging of the "authority" image is mesmerizing, in the final analysis, it is also related to the excessive worship and even superstition of some parents for the "certificate". A common phenomenon is that for a long period of time, the society's understanding of quality education seems to be to let children get a variety of certificates, believing too early that "too many certificates do not pressure the body".

So before the media reported that a "small rise" scene in Nanjing, parents actually took hundreds of certificates in line. Although it is an extreme case, the phenomenon of certificate superstition reflected in it also provides more opportunities for some illegal organizations to expand, and these organizations' "waiting for the opportunity", in turn, further exaggerate and strengthen the social anxiety about certificates. This interaction also increases the level of competition throughout education, which ultimately leads to unnecessary burdens for parents and children. Therefore, with the implementation of the double reduction policy and intensified efforts to clean up illegal educational organizations, it is time for parents to get out of the certificate worship.

Of course, in order to truly make parents become more "calm" and eliminate the irrational pursuit of certificates, at least two aspects of supporting work should be done. First, schools should weaken their reliance on certificates in the evaluation of students. Like the ban on the "national primary and secondary school students comprehensive quality rating assessment center," one of the biggest "selling point" is fooling parents - comprehensive quality assessment results will be included in the growth of primary and secondary school students files, as students in the college entrance examination reference basis. At present, the Ministry of Education has explicitly required that primary and secondary school enrollment is strictly prohibited from being linked to any competition, and such a policy should be implemented without any discount.

Second, in addition to cracking down on illegal "certificate selling" organizations and institutions, we should also strictly prevent other institutions from taking over the "business", which may lead to the same old business. This requires further control over the "red-top intermediary" and strict control over the improper "authorization" of public institutions to social organizations. All in all, no matter what "status" the issuing and assessment organization is, the certificates and qualifications that should not be there should be resolutely abolished.
Shenyang, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- By Wang Bingkun, Wang Ying, Wu Jiangmin and Li Heng Recently, a junior high school student in Shenyang pointed out the wrong picture of English textbook on the topic of hot search, the event not only received positive response from the publishing house, but also received high praise from netizens: "Fear of future students! This is what quality-oriented education should look like "serious, serious, praise for the children who dare to question the authority"...

How did "other people's children" become? What enlightenment does the "non-mainstream" growing experience of young teenagers bring to the education of primary and secondary school students under the background of "double minus"?

Because love has eyes of light

"The textbook was misprinted. The word 'bee' used to be a bee, but here it's a hoverfly." Cui Chenxi, 12, was previewing her textbook when she found a mistake in the picture of bees on page 95 of the Shanghai Education Edition English textbook for grade 7. Cui reported his findings to Shanghai Education Publishing House, which responded, "Children are very professional and will be replaced in the next reprint."

How did the bee's photo error come to light?

Cui Chenxi replied, "Actually, it's quite simple. Bees have two pairs of wings and hoverflies only have one pair. And bees have fat bellies while hoverflies are thin. Bee antennae are obvious, hoverflies are not."

Cui Chenxi is shenyang No. 26 Middle School Harbin Road campus grade one student, short, comely and smart, people around him like to call him "little Cui". His eyes lit up at the mention of insects.

"I've loved insects since I was 3 or 4 years old." Choi said that grass, woods, flower beds are his secret base. There, colorful butterflies, swarms of ants, leaping grasshoppers, took him to know a wonderful world.

Of all the insects he came into contact with, the ants were the most interesting. He persuaded his parents to build an ant nest at home and has raised 15 species of ants. To learn more about their behaviour, he has his parents buy a variety of bioscience books. "Insects is my favorite book." Small cui said.

After school, he would stand by the artificial nest of ants, carefully studying their every move. Over time, Cui not only gained an in-depth understanding of the habits and characteristics of various ants, but also created many "crossover" works. On the wall of Xiao Cui's house, there is a special periodic table of chemical elements. In the table, ants act as "representatives" of different elements: they hold up bones to represent "calcium", while "copper", an ant with a conductive constitution, is struck by lightning...

Cui also read hundreds of biology books including "Insect World" and "Oxford University's Ultimate Insect Guide."

Because accompany all the way forward

At first, Choi's "obsession" with insects was not understood.

Zhang Chufeng, cui's classmate, said cui always squatted alone beside the grass to observe and didn't have many friends in class.

In order to break everyone's prejudice against Cui, teacher in charge zhu Xiaotang specially invited Cui to serve as "biology teacher", to the class brought an insect lesson: "Ants are very strong, can lift tens of times their own weight, hundreds of times the weight; The queen can live up to 20 years, but an outlier can only live a few days..."

Since then, Xiao Cui has been given a new name in his class - "Cui Ant". When people saw strange insects, they would catch them or take pictures and ask him about them.

In Cui's home, the living room is almost filled with a one-meter high ant cabinet, a microscope for observing ants and various ant nests. Cui's mother, Wang Dan, said the family did everything they could to support the child's "love". Every summer, the three of them meet to explore the outskirts of Shenyang in search of the mysterious queen ant. With the help of his parents, he also opened an account on Douyin called "Xiao Cui Tells Stories" to share insect knowledge with netizens.

Trav's interests are getting wider and wider. In fifth grade, he signed up for an online computer programming class in order to animate his hand-drawn anime characters. More than a year down, he carefully designed the animation game "Pig World" formally completed, scene, task, skin, props and other items.

Because unshackled and independent growth

Since July this year, with the introduction of the "double reduction" policy, "Family Education Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China" voted through, scientific burden reduction and family education more and more attention by the majority of parents.

Wang said she also worried about her child's "low enrollment in cram schools" and worried that his "addiction" to ants would affect his studies. But in the end, she and her partner decided to take care of their child's "passion" : Cui loves drawing and designing, so they enrolled him in online classes. On weekends, mother and son would go to the library to read and choose books together.

Wang Dan gradually realized that they had made the right decision. "Trav is very focused and very disciplined, always taking the initiative to learn with questions." The teacher in charge of primary school and junior middle school gave Cui high praise, which is inseparable from the fact that the child is accustomed to independent learning and has a curiosity to explore all kinds of problems.

Wang Dan said children should not be "kidnapped" by their parents' anxiety. Parents who give their children enough space to grow up, accompanied by appropriate guidance and guidance, will stimulate their imagination and creativity.

"A lot of parents don't want their children to 'lose at the starting line'." Hou Mingfei, director of shenyang Education Research Institute learning science Research Office, said that children themselves are personalized and diversified individuals, and can not be put on the same track for standardized competition. We should respect their objective differences and take children's interests as footnotes to let them run farther and farther on different tracks.
We often say that primary school students have unconstrained ideas, but in fact, college students naughty up is not worse than primary school students, which can be seen from the behavior of college students in the dormitory.

Dormitory is the second home of college students, roommates get along with each other every day has become an indispensable landscape of college life, and in this landscape, there will often be a scene that makes teachers laugh. Counselors burst into bed, after entering the door laugh belly laugh, the university dormitory is really "crouching tiger hidden dragon"!

Dormitory check is the university dormitory every day to experience, but the students and counselors check the bedroom or there is a certain difference, the students are generally more organized, go to advance notice, but the counselors can no matter three seven and twenty one, the purpose is to engage in assault. But if it weren't for the counselors' raids, they might not have discovered that college dorms have "crouching tigers and hidden dragons". We know that high-power electrical appliances are not allowed in dormitories, but water dispensers are. So what should college students do if they want to eat hot pot?

Some dormitory students will use the water dispenser that point "meager" electricity to cook, although cooked slowly, but the taste is not bad where to go. I just don't know if the counselors will confiscate the water dispenser if they see you eating like this. There are college students who want to eat hot pot, directly use the most primitive cooking method, that is to use an open fire. The college student used watermelon rind as a pot, candles as a fire source and a variety of vegetables nearby. But the safety margin is too low, let alone fast.

If there is a fire, the consequences are unimaginable, which is why the counselors insist on checking the dormitory. Therefore, college students, who have received higher education, should be strict with themselves and act in strict accordance with dormitory rules and regulations. Compared to eating hot pot, this dormitory is nothing compared to eating hot pot. We know that pets are not allowed in university dormitories, not even a small hamster. But when the instructor made a surprise check, he saw the little cutie lying on the bed and couldn't help laughing.

It turned out that the college student's pet dog was sick and the dormitory was too cold in winter, so she simply put the dog to bed and covered it with a quilt. And the dog is obedient enough, obediently motionless, but even so, is still inevitable points. Having said that the dormitory contraband, we will look at the operation of college students do not violate the rules. Because university dormitories are rarely connected to the north and south, it will be hot in summer, and it will cost a lot to install air conditioning, but the knowledge they have learned before tells them that water can cool down.

I saw them four big boys are sitting in the small pool for entertainment, looking at the computer students, the author are worried for him: the computer don't fall into the water. I seem to have seen the teacher burst into bed laugh, really worthy of "crouching tiger hidden dragon". Although the dormitory is a college student's home, sometimes it is not as "casual" as at home

First of all, the dormitory is the home of all students, "family rules" should be observed. College students come from all over the world to study in the school. The school has the obligation to educate and protect everyone. The so-called protection of nature needs to be practiced through rules, so students should abide by the school rules and regulations.

Secondly, college students should think more about their roommates and should not be selfish. Every student has different living habits. When there is a conflict between their habits, we should give full play to the good qualities given by quality education, and be more tolerant, considerate and communicative.

Thirdly, college students should go to the library instead of the dormitory as a place of study. University dormitory conditions are getting better and better, equipped with desks can basically meet the needs of college students to study, but the dormitory does not have a strong learning atmosphere, in order to improve learning efficiency, students are advised to go to the library.

College students should make progress together with roommates and supervise each other

College roommates are the kind of people you spend the longest time with and have a profound effect on each other. Do not know when everybody sees certain college some dormitory collective to be protected grind of message, whether have thought they are so successful just because progress together? If college students find that their roommates are not active in study, they should bravely point out and help their roommates to correct them. If necessary, they can force their roommates to go with them when they go to the library to study. If you find your roommate addicted to bad habits, you should help to get rid of them.

It is suggested that college students sign up for CET-4 and CET-6 exams or various knowledge competitions with their roommates, agree to do homework at the same time every day, encourage each other to help each other before the final exam, and do not envy the advantages of their roommates. The author's message:

Counselors burst into bed, after entering the door laugh, have to say that college students are really talented successors of the era, but there are some violations of social rules or do not do things, counselors check bed is for the sake of all college students.

However, college students should strictly control their dormitory time. In cold winter, they should go to the library to feel the warm current, and in hot summer, they should go to the library to blow the air conditioner. If they feel that the dormitory air is not good, they should open the window and go outside to participate in outdoor sports.
High school is a very important period for students, in this period students can keep a very good academic performance, that is the real outstanding students, after all, this stage is an important checkpoint on the way to university.

After entering high school, the real test of learning has just begun. At this stage, the learning task is very intense and the difficulty of learning is getting bigger and bigger. Students want to have a good score at this stage, but it is not only a stage of hard work, but also a stage of IQ. Only by taking both into account can they get better and better results.

High school, parents really have very high expectations for students, parents hope that students can be among the best, but sometimes the day is unsatisfactory. Most of the high school students who are easy to fall behind in high school are in the four categories

One of Ms. Liu's former private letters to the author said that her children have always been among the best in the class in primary and middle school, and she felt very pleased.

However, I did not expect that after entering high school, the student's grades plummeted. If she was an excellent student before, she is now a poor student. Her academic performance has become the bottom of the class, which makes Ms. Liu very worried. But she wondered why students' grades began to decline once they reached high school. In fact, students in high school grades decline is early warning, but a lot of parents do not know it, general high school "behind" junior high school students with excellent results, mostly these 4 types of students, parents can be careful.

In the first way, there is no way to learn. General this kind of students before high, learning is simple and easy to understand, students can still have good grades through efforts, but high school is different, high school stage of knowledge learning is more profound a lot, so, students have no learning method, just rely on efforts to pile up is certainly not enough. Second, students' ability to adapt is slow, but the pace of high school is fast. After entering high school, many students will feel that high school is a completely different stage, the time is tight, the task is heavy, can not relax, so, if students are slow to adapt, it is easy to be left behind by others.

Third, students who shout loud slogans but do little in practice. Some students will always continue to motivate themselves, tell themselves that as long as you work hard, you can, however, in practical action, pay really is very little, at this point, results are not deceptive.

Fourth, there is no good study habits, will not plan their own study time. Time and study in high school are really very busy, so it is very important for students to have a good study habit at this stage, students must be able to plan their own time, otherwise it is easy to fall behind.

In short, the above four types of students, parents must be careful, want to students have a good future, it is necessary to use a snack, timely to help students correct incorrect behavior. Students who excel in middle school fall behind in high school for many reasons, not just IQ

In my opinion, academic performance is influenced by many factors. Therefore, those students who fall behind in high school are not necessarily due to IQ problems, but probably due to lack of effort or lack of finding the right way.

Therefore, in junior high school to develop a good living habits and learning habits is really very important, parents do not always attribute the reason to the IQ, IQ can not want to carry the pot.

When there is a problem, parents still have to look for the problem from the students, not objectively to find the cause, otherwise there will never be a good promotion. High school students' academic performance decline, parents should analyze and solve from these aspects

First, are the students' learning methods correct?

High school learning, learning method is a very important content, if parents do not want students to decline, it is necessary to pay more attention to the students learning method is correct, if not correct must let students timely correction. Second, what is the mentality of the students?

In high school, students' learning pressure is really very big, many students are overwhelmed by learning pressure, in the face of learning mentality has collapsed, this situation is very easy to lead to the decline in academic performance, so, parents should pay attention to the mentality of students can. Third, do students encounter difficulties in their studies?

Most of the time, students will encounter all kinds of difficulties in learning, and sometimes do not know how to solve it, so it requires the guidance of parents, so parents should pay more attention to whether students have encountered difficulties in learning. The author remarks

In fact, there are reasons for high school students with excellent grades, so parents must be clear, in this situation, to know the reason, finally can the problem really be solved, wish students always keep excellent grades.
The teacher's "examination paper comments" is a kind of warning and encouragement to students, the teacher writes a few words at will, or draws an expression, will have a certain influence on students.

Faced with neatly written, high-scoring papers, teachers will often add "great" along with their approval. For poorly marked, messy papers, teachers often write "Go for it". "Exam paper comments" are like a friendly way of communication between teachers and students. However, a primary school teacher's "exam paper comments" have aroused controversy. The education bureau attaches great importance to the parents' speaking out against teachers' ethics.

Teachers "paper comments" provoked controversy, parents outspoken against teachers' ethics

An excellent teacher can influence a student's life. Even ordinary teachers should make students feel the joy of learning and the warmth of teachers in your class. However, some teachers can not give students the care they should have. On a first-grade Chinese test paper in primary school, we dimly saw the word "sheng" and "wood" written by the students in pencil. The word was written in a big way, so it was obviously out of order, and it didn't look neat. Next to the title was the word "disgusting."

Nausea? Such an expletive is usually used to describe people or things that can't be seen or disliked. It will appear in the paper in the way of "examination paper comments", which is really surprising, even if the students score zero, it should not be described in this way. It is hard to imagine that these two words are from the hands of carefully selected and selective school teachers, and I dare not imagine how helpless and self-abasement students will feel when they see these two words. Apparently parents understand the situation is very angry, and direct complaints to the education bureau.

Education bureau attaches great importance to this, immediately contact the school to understand the situation. The teacher explained that he had corrected the students for many times, but the students did not listen to him. Because of his heavy workload that day, he was a little agitated when correcting the paper, so he left those two words.

The author thinks: these explanations are all excuses in fact, if you feel the workload is too big and can not adjust the self state of mind simply resign don't do, the student is not the tool that you can take to vent your anger! With a scum like you on the faculty, it's dragging them down.

And which industry has no work pressure, you can not teach students and can not complete the task within the specified time, should find the reason from their own, temper no place to send home, do not use your bad temper affect the physical and mental development of students, it is against the ethics of teachers. After education bureau takes seriously, processing result lets a person resolve spirit, whether does the teacher "sincerely repent"?

After the education Bureau paid attention to the incident and the school's mediation, the teacher apologized to the students and parents and was forgiven, and the teacher will be subject to certain restrictions in terms of professional title promotion and evaluation in the future.

It was a relief, but was the teacher "genuinely repentant"? We don't know, but the incident should be a warning to this teacher and other teachers not to let your bad temper interfere with the normal learning of students. At the same time, we are still worried about whether there are any students in some corners suffering from the bad temper of teachers, hope that such students and parents can bravely stand up. Maybe some parents think, our children we also beat and scold, it is not a big deal.

But is that really not a big deal? The fact is that there is a significant difference between parents' scolding and teachers, students are easy to produce weariness or extreme psychology because of the teacher's wrong education way, what's more, parents' scolding is also wrong family education way, should be put an end to. What kind of improvement can high quality "test paper comments" bring to students?

First of all, students can see the teacher's heart and are willing to cooperate with the teacher's work. The seemingly simple "test paper comments", poured into the teacher a lot of time and love, students can naturally feel, and then the relationship between teachers and students will be better, learning will be more interesting.

Secondly, students can look forward to the examination paper and avoid rejection. When it comes to exams, many students are afraid, when the exam results come out the day before, students may not even sleep well, but with the comments, students may actually have expectations. Thirdly, students can enhance their interest in learning and improve their learning efficiency. The short words in the test paper comments are a way of communication between teachers and students, as well as the affirmation or encouragement of learning results, which can make students feel interested in boring learning.
Modern children's art education pays attention to creativity and practice. To cultivate children's innovative spirit and creative ability, first of all, children's art education curriculum system, teaching materials and teaching methods should be innovated. Traditional Chinese culture has a long history. Shadow play, paper cutting, opera, embroidery and other folk art forms all contain rich historical and cultural connotations. With the rapid development of modern science and technology, the vigorous development of network and new media technology has brought a certain impact on traditional national culture. Integrating traditional culture into children's art education is of great significance for inheriting and protecting traditional culture and innovating art courses. So, as children's art teachers and parents, what can we do?

First of all, teachers should consciously guide children to appreciate and understand Traditional Chinese culture and love traditional culture and art forms. With the help of multimedia teaching tools, the content of traditional culture is presented to give students an immersive audio-visual experience, so that children can understand traditional culture from many aspects. For example, in the course of lesson preparation, teachers can collect videos and pictures related to opera from the Internet, or make relevant animations by themselves. While letting children enjoy the videos, teachers can explain the classification, singing and costume characteristics of opera to stimulate children's interest in learning. Children can also explore and discover by themselves, learn about one or more folk art forms, and share them with their friends.

Second, to integrate traditional culture into art courses, teachers are required to be good at innovating curriculum content and teaching forms, and guide children to experience the charm of traditional culture through art activities. Teachers can develop art topics related to traditional art forms. For example, ethnic costumes are popular among students. Through videos, pictures or animations, children are guided to the characteristics of national costumes. Choose a favorite national clothing, on the basis of retaining the basic characteristics of clothing, use small brains, give play to imagination for style design and innovation. Draw a set of national costumes you like by using cardboard, marker, wool and other materials. Then cut and paste with scissors and duct tape to create wearable pieces. Children can also be organized for a national costume show, let students wear their own hand-made clothing works to show. Such art courses are interesting and meaningful, which enhance children's aesthetic ability, enrich their cultural knowledge, and exercise their creativity and hands-on ability. Third, modern children's art education encourages parents' active participation. Then, what can parents do to integrate traditional culture into art courses? In daily life, children should be guided to understand and love traditional culture and folk art forms, tell stories about traditional culture to children, prepare some picture books related to folk art, lead children to watch cultural performances, visit art galleries and museums, etc., which will help cultivate children's interest in traditional culture. On weekends, parents can also make traditional culture-related crafts with their children, such as making paper-cut collages, learning to make sugar paintings, making simple shadow puppet figures and so on. Share your experiences with your children while doing crafts. Such parent-child activities can not only cultivate children's interest in traditional culture, increase their knowledge, but also help to enhance the feelings between parents and children.

The above is the hope of art education on how to integrate traditional culture into the art curriculum, share some suggestions to teachers and parents. Promote traditional culture, enhance children's comprehensive artistic literacy, let us work together to promote the healthy development of children.